README.md, before:

# QudUX
This is a fork of [QudUX-2](https://github.com/egocarib/CavesOfQud-QudUX-v2?tab=readme-ov-file) by Egocarib, I am slowly going through errors the game encounters when trying to load the original mod. When it is done, I'll either do a merge request on the original repo or push this project on steam workshop

See the readme of the [original repo](https://github.com/egocarib/CavesOfQud-QudUX-v2?tab=readme-ov-file) for informations about the mod

## Current status
[You can check my detailed backlog here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16rI_opbPRsOl2Sx3e1c27gCGqyPemlzmNi4WafpfYn8/edit?usp=sharing)
<br>Below, an non exhaustive summary

### Screens
✔ Inventory screen<br>
✔ Cooking with ingredients screen <br>
✔ Cooking with Recipe screen<br>
✔ Autoget settings screen<br>
✔ Character sprite picker screen<br>
✔ Score screen<br>
✔ Enhanced game details screen<br>

### Other
✔ Quest Giver location markers<br>
✔ Restocker / Merchants additional dialog <br><br>

⚠️ Look features only "work" when used with lock on.

❌ Patch_XRL_World_GameObject_Move<br>



### Patches
This is just somewhat of a backlog. You'll see right there what I still have to work on

✔ Patch_XRL_Annals_QudHistoryFactory<br>
✔ Patch_XRL_UI_AbilityManager<br>
✔ Patch_XRL_World_Parts_Mutation_MagneticPulse<br>
✔ Patch_XRL_Core_XRLCore<br>
✔ Revamped UI text inventory<br>
✔ Patch_XRL_Core_Scores<br><br>
✔ Patch_XRL_World_Parts_Campfire<br>

⚠️ Patch_XRL_UI_Look - **Works with weird quirks, not usable IMO**<br><br>

❌ Patch_XRL_World_GameObject_Move<br>
❌ Patch_XRL_World_Parts_Physics<br>

Those scripts were fully commented, so I just decided to put them on hold until I've reworked everything else

🛑 Patch_XRL_UI_ConversationUI<br>
🛑 Patch_XRL_UI_CreateCharacter<br>
🛑 Patch_XRL_World_Parts_Description<br>
🛑 QudUX_IngredientSelectionScreen<br>

Commit message:

Look bugfix + cleaning + other minor changes

README.md, after:

# QudUX
This is a fork of [QudUX-2](https://github.com/egocarib/CavesOfQud-QudUX-v2?tab=readme-ov-file) by Egocarib, I am slowly going through errors the game encounters when trying to load the original mod. When it is done, I'll either do a merge request on the original repo or push this project on steam workshop

See the readme of the [original repo](https://github.com/egocarib/CavesOfQud-QudUX-v2?tab=readme-ov-file) for informations about the mod

## Current status
[You can check my detailed backlog here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16rI_opbPRsOl2Sx3e1c27gCGqyPemlzmNi4WafpfYn8/edit?usp=sharing)
<br>Below, an non exhaustive summary

### Screens
✔ Inventory screen<br>
✔ Cooking with ingredients screen <br>
✔ Cooking with Recipe screen<br>
✔ Autoget settings screen<br>
✔ Character sprite picker screen<br>
✔ Score screen<br>
✔ Enhanced game details screen<br>

### Other
✔ Quest Giver location markers<br>
✔ Restocker / Merchants additional dialog <br><br>
✔ Mark legendary to journal + auto marking hotkey


### Patches
This is just somewhat of a backlog. You'll see right there what I still have to work on

✔ Patch_XRL_Annals_QudHistoryFactory<br>
✔ Patch_XRL_UI_AbilityManager<br>
✔ Patch_XRL_World_Parts_Mutation_MagneticPulse<br>
✔ Patch_XRL_Core_XRLCore<br>
✔ Revamped UI text inventory<br>
✔ Patch_XRL_Core_Scores<br><br>
✔ Patch_XRL_World_Parts_Campfire<br>
✔ Patch_XRL_World_GameObject_Move<br>
✔ Patch_XRL_World_Parts_Physics<br>
✔ Patch_XRL_UI_Look<br><br>


### Unnecessary
Those scripts are not necessary since it appears their features is covered elsewhere, either by vanilla or by other parts of the mod.

🗑️ Patch_XRL_UI_ConversationUI<br>
🗑️ Patch_XRL_UI_CreateCharacter<br>
🗑️ Patch_XRL_World_Parts_Description<br>
